PROBLEM STATEMENT

The Incas used a sophisticated system of record keeping consisting of bundles of knotted cords.
Such a bundle of cords is called a quipu.  Each individual cord represents a single number.
Surprisingly, the Incas used a base-10 positional system, just like we do today.  Each digit of a number 
is represented by a cluster of adjacent knots, with spaces between neighboring clusters.  The digit is 
determined by the number of knots in the cluster.
For example, the number 243 would be represented by a cord with knots tied in the following pattern


     -XX-XXXX-XXX-

where each uppercase 'X' represents a knot and each '-' represents an unknotted segment of cord (all quotes for clarity only).


Unlike many ancient civilizations, the Incas were aware of the concept of zero, and used it in their quipus.
A zero is represented by a cluster containing no knots.
For example, the number 204003 would be represented by a cord with knots tied in the following pattern


     -XX--XXXX---XXX-
        ^^    ^^^
        ^^    ^^^
        ^^    two zeros between these three segments
        ^^
        one zero between these two segments

Notice how adjacent dashes signal the presence of a zero.


Your task is to translate a single quipu cord into an integer.  The cord will be given as a string knots
containing only the characters 'X' and '-'.  There will be a single '-' between each cluster 
of 'X's, as well as a leading '-' and a trailing '-'.  The first cluster will not be empty.


DEFINITION
Class:Quipu
Method:readKnots
Parameters:string
Returns:int
Method signature:int readKnots(string knots)


CONSTRAINTS
-knots contains between 3 and 50 characters, inclusive.
-knots contains only the characters 'X' and '-'.  Note that 'X' is uppercase.
-The first and last characters of knots are '-'s.  The second character is 'X'.
-knots does not contain 10 consecutive 'X's.
-knots will represent a number between 1 and 1000000, inclusive.


EXAMPLES

0)
"-XX-XXXX-XXX-"

Returns: 243

The first example above.

1)
"-XX--XXXX---XXX-"

Returns: 204003

The second example above.

2)
"-X-"

Returns: 1

3)
"-X-------"

Returns: 1000000

4)
"-XXXXXXXXX--XXXXXXXXX-XXXXXXXXX-XXXXXXX-XXXXXXXXX-"

Returns: 909979
